{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-markdown-remark-js","path":"/community/community/sig-community/meeting-notes/20230126-meeting-notes.md","result":{"data":{"site":{"siteMetadata":{"title":"Operate First"}},"markdownRemark":{"id":"26d816e8-26e4-5a00-9515-fde626e222ad","html":"<h1 id=\"sig-community\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#sig-community\" aria-label=\"sig community permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>SIG Community</h1>\n<p><a href=\"https://hackmd.io/RmFqiyCASaKJyWdINuo8QQ\">Meeting Notes</a>\n<a href=\"https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=operate.first.community%40gmail.com&#x26;ctz=America%2FNew_York\">Calendar Op1st Community Meetings</a>\n<a href=\"https://tinyurl.com/Op1st-SIG-Community-cal\">This Calendar Entry</a>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/orgs/operate-first/projects/16\">Project Board</a>\n<a href=\"https://openinfra.dev/legal/code-of-conduct\">Code Of Conduct</a>\n<a href=\"https://github.com/operate-first/community\">SIG-Community repo</a></p>\n<h2 id=\"open-from-last-meetings----next-meeting\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#open-from-last-meetings----next-meeting\" aria-label=\"open from last meetings    next meeting permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>open from last meeting(s) —> next meeting</h2>\n<ol class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>github discussions (from op1st comcloud, 20220830)</li>\n<li>Bringing ALL the discussions to this meeting and async space</li>\n<li>Removing the stale/rotten watch by Sesheta</li>\n<li>\n<p>Kruize - status? [Rashmi Badagandi]</p>\n<ol class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>middleware Engg team, part of a project called ‘Kruize’</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://github.com/kruize/hpo\">https://github.com/kruize/hpo</a></li>\n</ol>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>Github discussion boards (<a href=\"https://docs.github.com/en/discussions\">https://docs.github.com/en/discussions</a>) as a part of our communication to the community? </p>\n<ol class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>Firstly, thoughts?</li>\n<li>Secondly does this introduce more overhead about having to manage another communication channel vs the benifit of being able to arhcive and store discussions that dont fit in issues?</li>\n<li></li>\n</ol>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h2 id=\"2023-01-26---now-every-week\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#2023-01-26---now-every-week\" aria-label=\"2023 01 26   now every week permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>2023-01-26 - NOW EVERY WEEK</h2>\n<h3 id=\"attendees\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#attendees\" aria-label=\"attendees permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>Attendees</h3>\n<ul class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>Karsten Wade @quaid </li>\n<li>Thorsten Schwesig @schwesig </li>\n</ul>\n<h3 id=\"agenda-and-notes\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#agenda-and-notes\" aria-label=\"agenda and notes permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>Agenda and Notes:</h3>\n<ol class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>Meeting is now weekly</li>\n<li>SCALE 20x discussion going</li>\n<li>\n<p>Refocusing the Op1st lens</p>\n<ol start=\"4\" class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>What are the tough questions to answer first?</li>\n<li>“Back to the lab”</li>\n<li>\n<p>What does it really mean to be a community of practice?</p>\n<ol start=\"5\" class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>E.g. Can we work with Ansible and Project Wisdom to create a library of draft playbooks for a CoP to peer review?</li>\n<li></li>\n</ol>\n</li>\n</ol>\n</li>\n<li>SIG-SRE plan</li>\n<li>Status of all projects</li>\n<li>Working with Janus-idp</li>\n<li>How many steps ahead can you “know” for Open? Discussions lead to agreements, agreements keep us going between affinity and alignment</li>\n</ol>\n<h3 id=\"action-items\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#action-items\" aria-label=\"action items permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>Action Items:</h3>\n<ul class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> Karsten to email list and hit-up all the slacks about SIG-SRE discussion &#x26; kick-off</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> Karsten to sync with Janus-IDP team on communitization plan</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> Karsten to write post about “Open Source is a doing thing, you can’t know it enough until you are doing it”</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\">\n<p><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled></p>\n</li>\n</ul>","fields":{"srcLink":"https://github.com/operate-first/community/blob/master/sig-community/meeting-notes/20230126-meeting-notes.md"},"frontmatter":{"title":"","description":null,"extraClasses":null,"banner":null}}},"pageContext":{"id":"26d816e8-26e4-5a00-9515-fde626e222ad"}},"staticQueryHashes":["1764348645","2823140819","3000541721","3606484676"]}