{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-markdown-remark-js","path":"/community/community/sig-community/meeting-notes/20221006-meeting-notes.md","result":{"data":{"site":{"siteMetadata":{"title":"Operate First"}},"markdownRemark":{"id":"7a61325b-9271-50c7-b155-d5086c7bb694","html":"<h2 id=\"2022-10-06---every-other-week-meeting\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#2022-10-06---every-other-week-meeting\" aria-label=\"2022 10 06   every other week meeting permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>2022-10-06 - every-other-week meeting</h2>\n<h3 id=\"attendees\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#attendees\" aria-label=\"attendees permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>Attendees</h3>\n<ul class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>Karsten Wade @quaid</li>\n<li>Thorsten Schwesig @schwesig</li>\n<li>Kristi Nikolla @knikolla</li>\n</ul>\n<h3 id=\"agenda-and-notes\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#agenda-and-notes\" aria-label=\"agenda and notes permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>Agenda and Notes:</h3>\n<ol class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>Decision: Closing Contribex Docs WG, rolling remaining work up to the Community SIG</li>\n<li>Decision: Closing Websites Updates WG, rolling remaining work up to the Community SIG</li>\n<li>Docs sprint - week of 10 Oct sometime, to be announced</li>\n<li>\n<p>Bringing more contributors on board</p>\n<ol class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>instead of “scary” github process, easy onboarding process (mentor, buddy, forms, …)</li>\n<li>walk-through (optical, guided, video, …)</li>\n</ol>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>Update on NERC</p>\n<ol class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>last mile\n1.steady, slow process</li>\n</ol>\n</li>\n<li>\n<p>Conferences</p>\n<ol class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li><a href=\"https://www.ansible.com/ansiblefest\">AnsibleFest 2022</a></li>\n<li>Oct 18. &#x26; 19., 2022</li>\n<li>Erin’s Talk</li>\n<li>KubeCon in progress/ just happening</li>\n<li>OKD at OpenShift Commons</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://t.co/osfofu9TpN\">SRE coloring book</a> and <a href=\"https://github.com/operate-first/operate-first.github.io/blob/main/src/assets/landing-logo.svg\">stickers</a></li>\n<li>Ops recruiting drive for operate-first.cloud</li>\n<li>SIG SRE?</li>\n<li>Sustainability SIG and OS-Climate</li>\n<li><a href=\"https://fosdem.org/2023/\">FOSDEM 2023</a></li>\n<li>Feb 4. &#x26; 5., 2023</li>\n<li>Talks (Pep, Tom, Marcel submitting talks)</li>\n<li>Table ?</li>\n<li>DevRooms ?</li>\n</ol>\n</li>\n</ol>\n<h3 id=\"action-items\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#action-items\" aria-label=\"action items permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>Action Items:</h3>\n<ul class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li class=\"task-list-item\">\n<p><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> Closing Contribex Docs</p>\n<ul class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> info to mailing list</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> close/ clean/ move repos, boards, issues, PRs</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> update .MDs</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> update .YAMLs</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\">\n<p><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> Closing Websites Updates WG</p>\n<ul class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> info to mailing list</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> close/ clean/ move repos, boards, issues, PRs</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> update .MDs</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> update .YAMLs</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> Document the “closing of a working group”-process</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> @quaid to email mailing list about closing these WGs</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> @schwesig  to email community@lists.operate-first.cloud about docs sprint (week Oct 10th to 14th)</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> @quaid to contact Lars with draft of Ops recruiting and prototype-to-sustainable plan</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> @quaid to contact Cara Delia about OS-Climate and Sustainability SIG</li>\n<li class=\"task-list-item\"><input type=\"checkbox\" disabled> @quaid to write up the “NERC and Operate First narrative”, socialize among MOC-Alliance</li>\n</ul>","fields":{"srcLink":"https://github.com/operate-first/community/blob/master/sig-community/meeting-notes/20221006-meeting-notes.md"},"frontmatter":{"title":"","description":null,"extraClasses":null,"banner":null}}},"pageContext":{"id":"7a61325b-9271-50c7-b155-d5086c7bb694"}},"staticQueryHashes":["1764348645","2823140819","3000541721","3606484676"]}