{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-markdown-remark-js","path":"/community/community/sig-community/wg-contrib_x-docs/meeting-notes/20220822-meeting-notes.md","result":{"data":{"site":{"siteMetadata":{"title":"Operate First"}},"markdownRemark":{"id":"98ad1863-5eab-56c1-b7e4-b1dac8bd7d5c","html":"<h2 id=\"2022-08-22\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#2022-08-22\" aria-label=\"2022 08 22 permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>2022-08-22</h2>\n<ul class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>Karsten Wade @quaid</li>\n<li>Thorsten Schwesig @schwesig</li>\n</ul>\n<h3 id=\"agenda-and-notes\" style=\"position:relative;\"><a href=\"#agenda-and-notes\" aria-label=\"agenda and notes permalink\" class=\"anchor before\"><svg aria-hidden=\"true\" focusable=\"false\" height=\"16\" version=\"1.1\" viewBox=\"0 0 16 16\" width=\"16\"><path fill-rule=\"evenodd\" d=\"M4 9h1v1H4c-1.5 0-3-1.69-3-3.5S2.55 3 4 3h4c1.45 0 3 1.69 3 3.5 0 1.41-.91 2.72-2 3.25V8.59c.58-.45 1-1.27 1-2.09C10 5.22 8.98 4 8 4H4c-.98 0-2 1.22-2 2.5S3 9 4 9zm9-3h-1v1h1c1 0 2 1.22 2 2.5S13.98 12 13 12H9c-.98 0-2-1.22-2-2.5 0-.83.42-1.64 1-2.09V6.25c-1.09.53-2 1.84-2 3.25C6 11.31 7.55 13 9 13h4c1.45 0 3-1.69 3-3.5S14.5 6 13 6z\"></path></svg></a>Agenda and Notes:</h3>\n<ul class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>\n<p>Name change of the group</p>\n<ul class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>check and/ or change charter?</li>\n<li>As closing WG task, open up the discussion about forming “Docs SIG”</li>\n<li>Proposals:</li>\n<li>“Documentation WG”</li>\n<li>“New User Docs WG”</li>\n<li>“User and Contributor Docs WG”</li>\n<li>”<del>User and Contributor Handbook WG</del>” (too limiting, as READMEs etc. are location-based and not in a single handbook)</li>\n<li>“New User and Contributor Docs WG”</li>\n<li>“Community Cloud User Guide WG”</li>\n<li>\n<p>Plain plan forward:</p>\n<ol class=\"pf-c-list\">\n<li>Rename to “Docs WG”</li>\n<li>Announce to everyone we are adding to the scope so the group can exit into the Docs SIG</li>\n<li>Meetings include time to talk about general docs topics</li>\n<li>WG has two key focuses to finish:</li>\n<li>Create or improve new user/contributor documentation</li>\n<li>Draft the Docs SIG charter</li>\n</ol>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Finish and publish meeting notes</li>\n</ul>","fields":{"srcLink":"https://github.com/operate-first/community/blob/master/sig-community/wg-contrib_x-docs/meeting-notes/20220822-meeting-notes.md"},"frontmatter":{"title":"","description":null,"extraClasses":null,"banner":null}}},"pageContext":{"id":"98ad1863-5eab-56c1-b7e4-b1dac8bd7d5c"}},"staticQueryHashes":["1764348645","2823140819","3000541721","3606484676"]}